#summary Projects are using PyV8
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

The incomplete list about who are using PyV8. 

If you're using PyV8 for an open source project and you're not listed here, please add comment to the page, submit an issue, or send us an email, and we'll list you promptly.

= Details =

We know of the following projects using PyV8:
  * [http://github.com/progrium/DrEval DrEval]  a web server that will run JavaScript and output the results. 
    _It was designed to let you create an environment in which you can run sandboxed scripts created by your users. This allows you to let users create plugins, filters, hook scripts, and whatever else for your web application. Just run this baby near your app server and use it as you would webhooks._
  * [http://pyjs.org/ pyjamas] a port of Google Web Toolkit to Python.
    _You can write web applications in python - a readable programming language - instead of in HTML and Javascript, both of which become quickly unreadable for even medium-sized applications. Your application's design can benefit from encapsulating high level concepts into classes and modules (instead of trying to fit as much HTML as you can stand into one page); you can reuse - and import - classes and modules. Also, the AJAX library takes care of all the browser interoperability issues on your behalf, leaving you free to focus on application development instead of learning all the "usual" browser incompatibilities._
  * [https://github.com/buffer/thug Thug] Python low-interaction honeyclient
    _The number of client-side attacks has grown significantly in the past few years shifting focus on poorly protected vulnerable clients. Just as the most known honeypot technologies enable research into server-side attacks, honeyclients allow the study of client-side attacks.
   A complement to honeypots, a honeyclient is a tool designed to mimic the behavior of a user-driven network client application, such as a web browser, and be exploited by an attacker’s content.
   Thug is a Python low-interaction honeyclient aimed at mimicing the behavior of a web browser in order to detect and emulate malicious contents._
  * [http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4057 jsflakes.vim] A powerful vim plugin lint javascript code on the fly 
   _For javascript file, jsflakes will automaticlly check errors in your code while you editing. 
   [http://michalliu.github.com/jsflakes.vim/jsflakes.html Watch live video]_
  * [http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4050 jsruntime.vim] Run javascript in vim 
   _It use PyV8 as javascript interpreter. if PyV8 not supported, it use node, cscript, spiderMonkey as fallbacks._
  * [https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime Emmet for Sublime Text 2] Official Emmet plugin (previously called Zen Coding) for Sublime Text 2.
   _[http://docs.emmet.io/ Emmet] takes the snippets idea to a whole new level: you can type CSS-like expressions that can be dynamically parsed, and produce output depending on what you type in the abbreviation. Emmet is developed and optimised for web-developers whose workflow depends on HTML/XML and CSS, but can be used with programming languages too.